о п п м 3 closed planar on magnetic
mobile headsets
unlike other models with planar on
magnetic emitters special
headphone amplifier is not required here
sound quality is well combined with
soundproofed and low impedance for
coordination with smartphones and tablets
comes with a branded hard case
sheathed denim
inside the cover upholstery velvet
there is also a fabric bag for
headphone cup wires are rotated
90 degrees either way to
take transport position all
all metal construction
very strong and reliable staff
three-meter cable is useful for
fixed connections
high-quality equipment
special cord allows you to use
headphones as a headset
There are variants of headsets for ios and
for android
the microphone is located inside the remote control
The ear cushions are covered in soft leather.
plush headband is also covered in leather and
ready for long hours of listening
music reduced emitter size and
high sensitivity
allow you to eliminate the disadvantages
traditional planar on magnetic
technologies such as high demands
to power and big weight therefore even
ordinary smartphone gives an energetic sound
Of course this is a separate mobile
DAC amplifier will also be good we
held a headphone measurement on
special booth type artificial
ear designed in denmark
while the sneeze of headphones demonstrates a small
emphasis on bass smooth midrange and
smooth downturn dad sound
m3 comfortable not tiring model
white color harmonizes well with
apple device design
in addition to high quality sound
closed headphone design
about dad m3 is great for
listening in noisy street conditions
or if you don't want to share the muse
with new inhabitants houseplanar
magnetic headphones about n m 3 already
went on sale
the price is 20 4990 rubles